test/reader/md/syntax/main.md, before:

---
title = 'Syntax Test'
filename = 'syntax-test'
date = 'yyyy/mm/dd'
version = '1.2.3'
author = cmd("git config user.name")
attrs = {'author': 'Foo Bar', 'val': 'xXxXx'}
---

{notoc=1}
# Prologue

{notoc=1}
# Table of contents

{level=1}
```{toc}
```

# Section

Section Lv.1 ATX-style
======================

Section Lv.2 ATX-style
----------------------

# Section Lv.1
## Section Lv.2
### Section Lv.3
#### Section Lv.4
##### Section Lv.5
###### Section Lv.6

# Block-markup

## Paragraph

Paragraph text text text.
New line but ignoreed breakline code.

Next paragraph text text text.
paragraph separated by empty line.

A **strong** text.

(blist)=
## BulletList
* List item 1
  * List item 1-1
    * List item 1-1-1
    * List item 1-1-2
  * List item 1-2
    * List item 1-2-1
  * List item 1-2-2
* List item 2

* List item new 1

(olist)=
## OrderedList

1. List item 1
   1. List item 1-1
      1. List item 1-1-1
      1. List item 1-1-2
   1. List item 1-2
      1. List item 1-2-1
      1. List item 1-2-2
1. List item 2
<!-- -->
1. List item new 1

### Multi Paragraph

1. List item 1 text text.
   new line text text.

   new paragraph text text 1.
   1. List item 1-1

      new paragraph text text 2.

      new paragraph text text 3.

   1. List item 1-2

      new paragraph text text 4.

      new paragraph text text 5.
   <!-- -->
   1. List item new 1-1

      new paragraph text text 6.

   new paragraph text text 7.

   new paragraph text text 8.

1. List item 2

   new paragraph text text 9.

   new paragraph text text 10.

<!-- -->
new paragraph text text new 1.

## DescriptionList

### DefinitionList

Term1
: List item 1

  Term1-1
  : List item 1-1

    Term1-1-1
    : List item 1-1-1

    Term1-1-2
    : List item 1-1-2

  Term1-2
  : List item 1-2

    Term1-2-1
    : List item 1-2-1

    Term1-2-2
    : List item 1-2-2

Term2
: List item 2

Term3
: List item 1a
: List item 1b

### FieldList

:Term 1: List item 1
:Term 2: List item 2
:Term 3: List: item 3
  next line.

  next paragraph.

  :Term 3-1: List item 1
  :Term 3-2: List item 2
:Term 4: List item 4
:Term 5:
:Term 6: List item 6

## CheckList

* [ ] List item 1
  * [-] List item 1-1 (unsupported)
    * [x] List item 1-1-1
    * [ ] List item 1-1-2
  * [x] List item 1-2
    * [x] List item 1-2-1
    * [x] List item 1-2-2
* [ ] List item 2
<!-- -->
* [x] List item new 1

[ ] unchecked, [x] checked, [-] indeterminate (unsupported)

## Mixed List

* List item 1
  1. List item 1-1

     A
     : List item 1-1-1

     B
     : List item 1-1-2

  1. List item 1-2
     * [x] List item 1-2-1
     * [ ] List item 1-2-2

* List item 2

## Table

### BasicTable

| head11 | head12 | head13 |
|:-------|:------:|-------:|
| data11 | data12 | data13 |
| data`21` | data22 | data23 |
| a | b | c |

* No-header table is unsupported.
* Multi-row-header table is unsupported.

| head11 | head12 | :<     | :<     |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| data11 | data12 | data13 | data14 |
| data21 | data22 | :<      | data24 |
| data31 | :^     | :<      | :^     |
| data41 | data42 | :<      | data44 |
| data51 | data52 | data53 |:<data54 |
| data61 |:^data62 |:^data63 |:<data64 |

### ListTable

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1

* - head1
  - head2
  - head3
* - data11
  - data12
  - data13
* - data21
  - data22
  - data23
```

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1

* - head1
  - head2
  - :<
* - data11
  - data12
  - data13
* - data21
  - :^data22
  - data23
```

```{list-table}
:align: lcr
:header-rows: 1

* - head1
  - head2
  - head3
* - data11
  - data12
  - ![Alt Text](./tglyph_64.png)

* - * item1
    * item2
    * item3
  - `data22`
  - data23

* - A
  - B
  - C
```

### Nested Table

```{list-table}
* - A
  - B
    | a | b |
    |---|---|
    | c | d |
  - C
* - D
    ```{list-table}
    * - a
      - b
    * - c
      - 
        ```{list-table}
        * - a
          - b
        * - c
          - d
        ```
    ```
  - E
  - F
```

## Figure

```{figure} caption
![Alt Text"](./tglyph_64.png)
```

```{figure} caption
[Not Image.]
```

```{figure} caption
| head11 | head12 | head13 |
|--------|--------|--------|
| data11 | data12 | data13 |
| data21 | data22 | data23 |
```

## QuoteBlock

> Quote text text text.
> new line text.
> > Nested quote text.
> return first quote.

> New quote text.

## LiteralBlock

Unsupported.

## AdmonitionBlock

!!! note
    This is a note.
    new line text.

    admonition can include blocks.

    *  ATTENTION
    *  HINT
    *  NOTE
    *  TIP
    *  WARNNING

## CodeBlock

```c
#include <stdio.h>
# include <stdlib.h>
int main()
{
  int x           = 1;
  long long int y = 2;
  char s[100] = "Good morning!\n";
  printf("Hello World!!\n");
  exit(0);
}
```

  ```sh
  pushd ~
  cat .bashrc
  popd
  ```

```
80 characters
12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
```

```{literalinclude} ./example.c
:language: c
```

```{literalinclude} ./example.c
:language: c
```

## CustomBlock

``` {graphviz}
digraph graph_name {
  alpha;
  beta;
  alpha -> beta;
}
```

## HorizonBlock

paragraph

+++

paragraph

# Inline-markup

## Text Decoration

The *emphasis* **strong** ++inserted++ ~~deleted~~ ***strong & emphasis*** text.

The x^sup^x x~sub~x text.

The ⫶var⫶ and `code` text.

## Image

Image in paragraph like ![](./tglyph_64.png).

## Include

==Start of include 1st==

```{include} ./sub1.tglyph
```

==End of include 1st==

==Start of include 2nd==

```{include} ./sub1.tglyph
```

==End of include 2nd==

## Keyboard / Button / Menu

Type {kbd}`Ctrl A` right now.

Click {btn}`OK` or {btn}`Cancel`.

Select {menu}`Edit > Settings > <Language> > preference` to edit settings.

## HyperLink

Search [](https://www.yahoo.com/) !

For more information, check [here](https://www.google.com/) !

[](https://www.yahoo.com/) and [](https://www.google.com/)

## CrossReference

Block markup section: [](Block-markup)!

[Here](Block-markup) is the same!

[](blist) is referenced by id.

[Orderd List Section](olist) is referenced by id too.

「[](セクション1-1)」のようにIDには多言語文字が使えます。

## Footnote

The important text. {footnote}`1` And the important text too. {footnote}`2`

```{footnote}
:1: This is footnote.
:2: This is footnote too.
```

## Refenrence / Bibliography

The important text. {cite}`1` And the important text too. {cite}`2`

```{reference}
:1: The Awesome Document, 1990, Anonymous.
:2: The theory of theory, 2000-01-01, Anonymous.
:3: Unreferenced bibliograpy I, 2XXX-XX-XX, Anonymous.
:4: Unreferenced bibliograpy II, 2XXX-XX-XX, Anonymous.
```

# Multibyte Support

## セクション1-1

本文ホンブンほんぶんText

```
本文ホンブンほんぶんText
```

# Config

%% if version == '1.2.3'
version is 1.2.3
%% else
version is not 1.2.3
%% end

## Replace

Hello, I am {{%author%}}.

Replace in decoration text like *{{%author%}}*, `{{%val%}}`.

* Replace in decoration text like *{{%author%}}*, `{{%val%}}`.

:Replace {{%author%}}: ⸌{{%val%}}⸌
:Replace ⸌{{%val%}}⸌: {{%author%}}

```
var = "{{%val%}}"
```

# Torture

## Wide Table

```{list-table}
:align: llx
* - 128456789012345678901234567890
  - abcdefg
  - The `long_long_long_long code` and `longlonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglong code` text.
```

## Long Table

```{list-table}
:type: long
* - 128456789012345678901234567890
  - abcdefg
  - abcdefg
* - 128456789012345678901234567890
  - abcdefg
  - abcdefg 0
```

Commit message:

add syntax test about image width

test/reader/md/syntax/main.md, after:

---
title = 'Syntax Test'
filename = 'syntax-test'
date = 'yyyy/mm/dd'
version = '1.2.3'
author = cmd("git config user.name")
attrs = {'author': 'Foo Bar', 'val': 'xXxXx'}
---

{notoc=1}
# Prologue

{notoc=1}
# Table of contents

{level=1}
```{toc}
```

# Section

Section Lv.1 ATX-style
======================

Section Lv.2 ATX-style
----------------------

# Section Lv.1
## Section Lv.2
### Section Lv.3
#### Section Lv.4
##### Section Lv.5
###### Section Lv.6

# Block-markup

## Paragraph

Paragraph text text text.
New line but ignoreed breakline code.

Next paragraph text text text.
paragraph separated by empty line.

A **strong** text.

(blist)=
## BulletList
* List item 1
  * List item 1-1
    * List item 1-1-1
    * List item 1-1-2
  * List item 1-2
    * List item 1-2-1
  * List item 1-2-2
* List item 2

* List item new 1

(olist)=
## OrderedList

1. List item 1
   1. List item 1-1
      1. List item 1-1-1
      1. List item 1-1-2
   1. List item 1-2
      1. List item 1-2-1
      1. List item 1-2-2
1. List item 2
<!-- -->
1. List item new 1

### Multi Paragraph

1. List item 1 text text.
   new line text text.

   new paragraph text text 1.
   1. List item 1-1

      new paragraph text text 2.

      new paragraph text text 3.

   1. List item 1-2

      new paragraph text text 4.

      new paragraph text text 5.
   <!-- -->
   1. List item new 1-1

      new paragraph text text 6.

   new paragraph text text 7.

   new paragraph text text 8.

1. List item 2

   new paragraph text text 9.

   new paragraph text text 10.

<!-- -->
new paragraph text text new 1.

## DescriptionList

### DefinitionList

Term1
: List item 1

  Term1-1
  : List item 1-1

    Term1-1-1
    : List item 1-1-1

    Term1-1-2
    : List item 1-1-2

  Term1-2
  : List item 1-2

    Term1-2-1
    : List item 1-2-1

    Term1-2-2
    : List item 1-2-2

Term2
: List item 2

Term3
: List item 1a
: List item 1b

### FieldList

:Term 1: List item 1
:Term 2: List item 2
:Term 3: List: item 3
  next line.

  next paragraph.

  :Term 3-1: List item 1
  :Term 3-2: List item 2
:Term 4: List item 4
:Term 5:
:Term 6: List item 6

## CheckList

* [ ] List item 1
  * [-] List item 1-1 (unsupported)
    * [x] List item 1-1-1
    * [ ] List item 1-1-2
  * [x] List item 1-2
    * [x] List item 1-2-1
    * [x] List item 1-2-2
* [ ] List item 2
<!-- -->
* [x] List item new 1

[ ] unchecked, [x] checked, [-] indeterminate (unsupported)

## Mixed List

* List item 1
  1. List item 1-1

     A
     : List item 1-1-1

     B
     : List item 1-1-2

  1. List item 1-2
     * [x] List item 1-2-1
     * [ ] List item 1-2-2

* List item 2

## Table

### BasicTable

| head11 | head12 | head13 |
|:-------|:------:|-------:|
| data11 | data12 | data13 |
| data`21` | data22 | data23 |
| a | b | c |

* No-header table is unsupported.
* Multi-row-header table is unsupported.

| head11 | head12 | :<     | :<     |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| data11 | data12 | data13 | data14 |
| data21 | data22 | :<      | data24 |
| data31 | :^     | :<      | :^     |
| data41 | data42 | :<      | data44 |
| data51 | data52 | data53 |:<data54 |
| data61 |:^data62 |:^data63 |:<data64 |

### ListTable

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1

* - head1
  - head2
  - head3
* - data11
  - data12
  - data13
* - data21
  - data22
  - data23
```

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1

* - head1
  - head2
  - :<
* - data11
  - data12
  - data13
* - data21
  - :^data22
  - data23
```

```{list-table}
:align: lcr
:header-rows: 1

* - head1
  - head2
  - head3
* - data11
  - data12
  - ![Alt Text](./tglyph_64.png)

* - * item1
    * item2
    * item3
  - `data22`
  - data23

* - A
  - B
  - C
```

### Nested Table

```{list-table}
* - A
  - B
    | a | b |
    |---|---|
    | c | d |
  - C
* - D
    ```{list-table}
    * - a
      - b
    * - c
      - 
        ```{list-table}
        * - a
          - b
        * - c
          - d
        ```
    ```
  - E
  - F
```

## Figure

```{figure} caption
![Alt Text"](./tglyph_64.png)
```

```{figure} caption
[Not Image.]
```

```{figure} caption
| head11 | head12 | head13 |
|--------|--------|--------|
| data11 | data12 | data13 |
| data21 | data22 | data23 |
```

## QuoteBlock

> Quote text text text.
> new line text.
> > Nested quote text.
> return first quote.

> New quote text.

## LiteralBlock

Unsupported.

## AdmonitionBlock

!!! note
    This is a note.
    new line text.

    admonition can include blocks.

    *  ATTENTION
    *  HINT
    *  NOTE
    *  TIP
    *  WARNNING

## CodeBlock

```c
#include <stdio.h>
# include <stdlib.h>
int main()
{
  int x           = 1;
  long long int y = 2;
  char s[100] = "Good morning!\n";
  printf("Hello World!!\n");
  exit(0);
}
```

  ```sh
  pushd ~
  cat .bashrc
  popd
  ```

```
80 characters
12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
```

```{literalinclude} ./example.c
:language: c
```

```{literalinclude} ./example.c
:language: c
```

## CustomBlock

``` {graphviz}
digraph graph_name {
  alpha;
  beta;
  alpha -> beta;
}
```

## HorizonBlock

paragraph

+++

paragraph

# Inline-markup

## Text Decoration

The *emphasis* **strong** ++inserted++ ~~deleted~~ ***strong & emphasis*** text.

The x^sup^x x~sub~x text.

The ⫶var⫶ and `code` text.

## Image

Image in paragraph like ![](./tglyph_64.png).

Image in paragraph like ![Alt Text](./tglyph_64.png){w=150px}.

Image in paragraph like ![Alt Text](./tglyph_64.png){w="20%"}.

Image in paragraph like ![](./tglyph.svg){w=150px}.

## Include

==Start of include 1st==

```{include} ./sub1.tglyph
```

==End of include 1st==

==Start of include 2nd==

```{include} ./sub1.tglyph
```

==End of include 2nd==

## Keyboard / Button / Menu

Type {kbd}`Ctrl A` right now.

Click {btn}`OK` or {btn}`Cancel`.

Select {menu}`Edit > Settings > <Language> > preference` to edit settings.

## HyperLink

Search [](https://www.yahoo.com/) !

For more information, check [here](https://www.google.com/) !

[](https://www.yahoo.com/) and [](https://www.google.com/)

## CrossReference

Block markup section: [](Block-markup)!

[Here](Block-markup) is the same!

[](blist) is referenced by id.

[Orderd List Section](olist) is referenced by id too.

「[](セクション1-1)」のようにIDには多言語文字が使えます。

## Footnote

The important text. {footnote}`1` And the important text too. {footnote}`2`

```{footnote}
:1: This is footnote.
:2: This is footnote too.
```

## Refenrence / Bibliography

The important text. {cite}`1` And the important text too. {cite}`2`

```{reference}
:1: The Awesome Document, 1990, Anonymous.
:2: The theory of theory, 2000-01-01, Anonymous.
:3: Unreferenced bibliograpy I, 2XXX-XX-XX, Anonymous.
:4: Unreferenced bibliograpy II, 2XXX-XX-XX, Anonymous.
```

# Multibyte Support

## セクション1-1

本文ホンブンほんぶんText

```
本文ホンブンほんぶんText
```

# Config

%% if version == '1.2.3'
version is 1.2.3
%% else
version is not 1.2.3
%% end

## Replace

Hello, I am {{%author%}}.

Replace in decoration text like *{{%author%}}*, `{{%val%}}`.

* Replace in decoration text like *{{%author%}}*, `{{%val%}}`.

:Replace {{%author%}}: ⸌{{%val%}}⸌
:Replace ⸌{{%val%}}⸌: {{%author%}}

```
var = "{{%val%}}"
```

# Torture

## Wide Table

```{list-table}
:align: llx
* - 128456789012345678901234567890
  - abcdefg
  - The `long_long_long_long code` and `longlonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglonglong code` text.
```

## Long Table

```{list-table}
:type: long
* - 128456789012345678901234567890
  - abcdefg
  - abcdefg
* - 128456789012345678901234567890
  - abcdefg
  - abcdefg 0
```
